Add 1st articles for migration guide (#454)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/assets/from-PAM-to-new-AM.md

::: tips
It wouldn't make any sense to apply those 2 solutions at the same time, we let you choose the one which suits best your needs.
:::

# How to migrate from PAM to new Asset Manager?

> You understood all the new concepts of the 4.0 Asset Manager and the differences with the current PAM and you are eager to use this new Asset Manager!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope you understood all the new concepts of the 4.0 Asset Manager and the differences with the current PAM. You must be eager to use this new Asset Manager, so let's see how to do that!
```
